Update README.md (#303)
agora-org/agora: README.md

> - [tmcalh6tjskfmnjsipi4tqlzcr4ltracuup6gp4vkyi4e5s42ooef2yd.onion](http://tmcalh6tjskfmnjsipi4tqlzcr4ltracuup6gp4vkyi4e5s42ooef2yd.onion): [@yzernik's](https://github.com/yzernik) instance, accessible over Tor
> - A static snapshot of our decommissioned test instance is available [here](https://agora-org.github.io/agora/).
> - Lightning payment over tor embedded in 3rd party BTCPayServer instance:  https://modulo.network after clicking purchase button (http://jzqqbzci3b2jlnvvkuxp2gmfh7if5443ite3ho7wy3phnq7tz4tspbid.onion/files/)
> - Open an issue or submit a PR if you run an Agora instance and would like it to appear in this readme!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [tmcalh6tjskfmnjsipi4tqlzcr4ltracuup6gp4vkyi4e5s42ooef2yd.onion](http://tmcalh6tjskfmnjsipi4tqlzcr4ltracuup6gp4vkyi4e5s42ooef2yd.onion): [@yzernik's](https://github.com/yzernik) instance, accessible over Tor
- [Modulo Network mining spreadsheets](https://modulo.network). [Direct link to Agora instance.](http://jzqqbzci3b2jlnvvkuxp2gmfh7if5443ite3ho7wy3phnq7tz4tspbid.onion/files/).
- A static snapshot of our decommissioned test instance is available [here](https://agora-org.github.io/agora/).
- Open an issue or submit a PR if you run an Agora instance and would like it to appear in this readme!
```
